[Music]
yes
very good my dearest lovers of the
heart how are you well I have some
news that the truth is that is going to
turn you on quite a bit I am going to annoy you
a lot it comes from a
fan account of anna luque and this seems very
strange to me because it is also in her
likes and the south of tweets and attentive to what
they do okay they are sharing a
news a headline in which it is said
that rocio flores would be in
very advanced negotiations to
participate in the farm okay we already
talked about this with francisco in one of the
live shows no pipi estrada contestant
confirmed gema to the don they have not
officially confirmed it yet but we have
confirmed it and they would be by
all means trying to take
rocio flores it would be a bombshell
obviously when they put someone from
one side let's say they tend to take an
opposite one
then rocio flores could appear
man let's see everyone has a
price obviously
some figure that the girl can't
refuse but well we'll see the fact is
that this tweet says very well first
make sure you have the
farm animals and then  now start with the casting
good choice start with the pigs
worth thinking the kid doesn't know and
writing himself it's not like we're not
going to take it very seriously no but what
went down is man what went down one always
enjoying and
discrediting people with these
disqualifications no
when I find myself in publications
like this well I think I don't know if you
will agree with me that they say more
about the people who write it and who
share it than about the person they are
trying to offend but well
they would surely like to look a little like
Rocío Flores no a hug family I will be
reading your comments and see you
in the next video
[Music]